Called out that K3s drops in-tree kubernetes storage drivers (#3861)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/storage/_index.md

This page describes how to set up persistent storage with a local storage provider, or with [Longhorn.](#setting-up-longhorn)

# What's changed in K3s storage?

> Currently, K3s has removed both the in-tree storage drivers and the in-tree cloud provider. We removed these to achieve a smaller binary size and to avoid dependence on third-party cloud or data center technologies and services, which may not be available in many K3s use cases. We are able to do this because their removal affects neither core Kubernetes functionality nor conformance. 
> 
> Both of these have out-of-tree alternatives that work in K3s: [CSI](https://github.com/container-storage-interface/spec/blob/master/spec.md) and [CCM](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/running-cloud-controller/).
> 
> Additionally, upstream Kubernetes will be migrating from in-tree drivers to CSI soon. For more information on this migration, please refer [here](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/12/10/storage-in-tree-to-csi-migration-status-update/).

Reviewer: How about this:

```suggestion
K3s removes several optional volume plugins and all built-in (sometimes referred to as "in-tree") cloud providers. We do this in order to achieve a smaller binary size, and to avoid dependence on third-party cloud or data center technologies and services, which may not be available in many K3s use cases. We are able to do this because their removal affects neither core Kubernetes functionality nor conformance.

The following volume plugins have been removed from K3s:
* cephfs
* fc
* flocker
* git_repo
* glusterfs
* portworx
* quobyte
* rbd
* storageos

Both components have out-of-tree alternatives that can be used with K3s: The kubernetes [Container Storage Interface (CSI)](https://github.com/container-storage-interface/spec/blob/master/spec.md) and [Cloud Provider Interface (CCM)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/running-cloud-controller/).

Upstream Kubernetes is actively migrating in-tree volume plugins to CSI drivers. For more information on this migration, please refer [here](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/12/10/storage-in-tree-to-csi-migration-status-update/).
```

Author: Revised, thank you!
